com/paulo/designpatterns/pedido/acao/AcaoGerarPedido.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.pedido.acao.AcaoGerarPedido
com/paulo/designpatterns/imposto/ICMS.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.imposto.ICMS
com/paulo/designpatterns/DomainException.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.DomainException
com/paulo/designpatterns/pedido/acao/SalvarPedido.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.pedido.acao.SalvarPedido
com/paulo/designpatterns/desconto/SemDesconto.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.desconto.SemDesconto
com/paulo/designpatterns/Teste.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.Teste
com/paulo/designpatterns/imposto/Imposto.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.imposto.Imposto
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/situacao/SituacaoOrcamento.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.situacao.SituacaoOrcamento
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/situacao/Reprovado.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.situacao.Reprovado
com/paulo/designpatterns/pedido/Pedido.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.pedido.Pedido
com/paulo/designpatterns/pedido/GeraPedido.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.pedido.GeraPedido
com/paulo/designpatterns/imposto/ISS.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.imposto.ISS
com/paulo/designpatterns/http/HttpAdapter.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.http.HttpAdapter
com/paulo/designpatterns/http/HttpClient.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.http.HttpClient
com/paulo/designpatterns/imposto/CalculadoraImpostos.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.imposto.CalculadoraImpostos
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/Orcamento.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.Orcamento
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/situacao/Finalizado.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.situacao.Finalizado
com/paulo/designpatterns/pedido/acao/EnviarEmailPedido.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.pedido.acao.EnviarEmailPedido
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/RegistroOrcamento.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.RegistroOrcamento
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/ItemOrcamento.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.ItemOrcamento
com/paulo/designpatterns/desconto/DescontoParaQuantidadeItens.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.desconto.DescontoParaQuantidadeItens
com/paulo/designpatterns/pedido/GeraPedidoHandler.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.pedido.GeraPedidoHandler
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/situacao/EmAnalise.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.situacao.EmAnalise
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/situacao/Aprovado.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.situacao.Aprovado
com/paulo/designpatterns/desconto/Desconto.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.desconto.Desconto
com/paulo/designpatterns/desconto/CalcularDescontos.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.desconto.CalcularDescontos
com/paulo/designpatterns/orcamento/Orcavel.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.orcamento.Orcavel
com/paulo/designpatterns/desconto/DescontoComValorMaior.java
 com.paulo.designpatterns.desconto.DescontoComValorMaior
